Okay, I'm not going to be able to finish this, so this is just the start of probably several voice memos about this project. But I really think I should build timmatz.nl. I've had that on my list for a very long time. And it's basically my personal website. And I think especially now with Cloud Code and how good it's getting, I can easily create that website. And I don't need a CMS, or let's put it this way. I think you can see my role in the project as non-technical product manager or non-technical CEO. And so I don't really care how you do it, but I only want Claude Code to maintain and build and execute it and test it. So from my perspective, we don't need a CMS or anything like that because I will just do updates through Claude Code. But you can use whatever you want. But, you know, after understanding the scope of the project, you can propose whatever tools and setup you think is best, considering that you will have to maintain it. I think it can be a very text-heavy site. I mean, we need a few visuals, and we can touch on that at some point. Like, I do think you need, like, a visual for social sharing and things like that. But overall, I think, you know, I can look for some examples that we can do together. But I think there's some examples of like these kind of famous engineers have these really minimal blogs that are sometimes purely text based or almost purely text. And they, you know, often black and white. Like we don't necessarily have to do black and white. But like I just think when they're well done, they look really good. And that's the kind of style I think would fit this because there's just going to be a lot of information. So that's the second thing or another thing. I think the information architecture of this is going to be very important because there's going to be, maybe not at the start, but eventually a lot that we need to cover. And I think there's different ways to tackle that. So we need to chat about that. And I think that's where we need to spend a lot of our time to get a full picture of all the information I eventually want to include. And what makes sense in terms of how to structure that and how to present that for people. So that's something at some point we have to really do a deep dive. This is a loose shred of something, but I had that in my mind. So just as a task for this project, we should at some point also do a deep research on me and see if any interesting older interviews come up, et cetera, because I think we need to have like a, I don't know, press or media or interview section over the years. I've given quite a lot. And I want there to be an index of those. I think the last thing we can finish for today is just I want to capture how I see the overall purpose of the site. So one part of it is almost like, you know, this sounds very corny, but I think eventually you will probably agree. You don't have to. I'm not the type to brag, but I think I can say I've had a pretty non-standard or non-linear or non-traditional life trajectory so far. Not in the ways of like, oh, I'm super successful by any kind of common understood standards. And there's a lot of failures and there's a lot of lessons and things I did wrong that I also eventually, that I have a lot of stuff already about in my personal knowledge base, but haven't really written about that just because I don't have the time, but that I would love to. But overall, there's a lot of ups and downs, but I've done a lot of different things, lived in many different places. So I think capturing that picture, I think, is interesting for two reasons. I think, first of all, I would almost eventually see this as a kind of artifact for my children. You know, like if one day I'm not there anymore, they could go here and kind of get a sense of, yeah, you know, what I've done and what I learned and what I found interesting, etc. And in a similar way, I think for whoever else might find some of that inspirational, I think it is, it can be interesting to have the full picture. And I want to try to do that in a way that is not bragging as little as I can. But of course, there's some tension there because a website that is essentially purely about yourself by definition is some form of bragging. But I do honestly think it will be interesting to just at least capture that. And if anybody wants to see what I've done and that there's a home for bringing all those things together. And then the other aspect is like, and that is definitely promotional, but like, I think with LLMs now, they're good at like, you know, going everywhere. And so I think it would be good to have kind of a hub with, first of all, a lot of things that I've done that are not really online anymore. But many of them are, but in really disparaging places. Like there's a lot of videos I actually made that are on YouTube and I've had a lot of writing and, but it's all over the place. And, you know, if I collect it here and link to it, then at some point I think things like LLMs will figure out that that is all from me. And I think, you know, I think that can be interesting, all the AI work I'm doing and things like that, that when people are searching for, let's say, I don't know, an expert on AI infrastructure, I think having a hub where I bring all those things together, I think will be quite helpful also for search and for my own marketing. and it will also be a hub that I can start referring to from LinkedIn and from We Eat Robots and sometimes from Animals. So it is definitely also promotional, but overall I want to keep the tone, you know, as little bragging as possible, but I do think I should do some of this for my own career and future prospects. So that kind of captures the high-level thoughts I have about it.