Okay, so this is the third part for the timmats.nl website. I guess the only... I guess we covered a lot. I mean, we need to go into some of the details, but like, I think the only other missing piece is... We need to figure out some of the architecture, so to say, because we're on two parts. Because I want to manage and maintain the whole thing with Cloud Code. The question is, I'm starting to think that I should put more and more stuff into the MyOS folder. If we're not working in that folder right now, and I have a link to it, please let me know. Then I'll add it so that you can explore it. Because a lot of these things already kind of tie together. and I want to do that even more and more so for example currently have a separate folder writing assistant or separate project I also want to move that into my OS that's where a lot of my writing happens some of the writing will then of course go on this website you know there's more and more in my knowledge base and log sec maybe I'll move it into my OS so that when I want to we can open a called code project in my OS and it kind of has a full view of all the interconnected elements and what's going on. So, and then also another kind of architectural thing. I want certain things to almost update automatically. Not completely automatically, but like when I'm working on a project or a new project, just to kind of be able to point at it and say like, hey, you know, update the change log on the website or update the description of this project based on the new changes we've made. So that's how I kind of imagine a lot of this to work. Um... The other piece we need to figure out is how we integrate or migrate some of the existing properties. I guess the most complicated one will be saint.com. S-A-E-N-T dot com. Because that has two elements. One, it has the lifeline landing page. I kind of think it should keep its own unique style. And not just get the same generic or the same design as the rest of this website. But at the same time, it's currently hosted on Webflow. And I don't want to continue hosting it there. So there's also something to say for just kind of integrating it into this website project and not giving it its custom landing page and just giving it a page here, which in a way removes some of the brand, well, I wouldn't call it equity, but like the brand feeling that it maybe has. But at the same time, it also makes it more authentic if it's kind of part of my personal page as a project, which is kind of what it is at this stage. So there's something to explore there. I think we should look together at the current landing page of Lifeline and then weigh the pros and cons of kind of trying to maintain it like that, but then somehow host it under my domain or in the subdomain versus kind of more presenting it as a personal project within my page. And then the most complex thing is probably the Saint content, because there's a big blog on saint.com with a lot of content. Well, maybe in a way it's simple. I'm not sure. It's on Webflow. I guess we can make an export of all the content and then just kind of import it into, I would think the blog on Tim Ads gets a category called productivity or personal productivity, something like that. And we import it all there. So maybe that's simple. Then the only other matter is SEO. Like can we, how do we, like Saint.com has some SEO value. So is there a way to transfer that to the new blog on timmats.nl? I guess we would have to set up all kinds of redirects. But taking into account that I want to stop Webflow, the question is where do we set up those redirects? Obviously, I own the domain, saint.com. So I wonder if we could set up those redirects on Namecheap and if there's a way to kind of like set up a blanket redirect or if we kind of need to, yeah, I don't know. I'm sure there must be a solution for that. And maybe actually it's not so hard anymore with AI because you could scrape the whole current site map and then probably automatically generate the list of new links and where each link needs to point. But we should do it well. I mean, I can double check. I haven't looked at it for a while, but I do think sane.com has some reasonable domain rating still. And also there's all kinds of links from everywhere going there. So it would be worth the effort to set up the redirect as well. And then there is the question of We Eat Robots, which is currently a sub stack. I guess we just leave it there for now. And we mentioned We Eat Robots as a project. And we point to the sub stack. And if at some point I would decide to stop it or move it to the site or whatever, we can always do that. But I think at this stage, even though I don't publish enough, it still kind of warrants being its own project. And then we take it from there. And, yeah, I think maybe that covers everything. And so I think we should spend some time figuring out, you know, the scope of what I just described. It's quite a lot. which details are very important to already get clear now, and then find the optimal solutions for designing this, weighing pros and cons of different options, and yeah, getting it prepared for execution. Thank you, Sean.