So, yeah, we were talking about the website and kind of had the high level purpose, etc. So maybe we should talk about the structure and what kind of information to put there. So, again, we don't need to put all of this at once, but I do want to talk through everything that I have in mind. Because for the reasons I outlined, I want it to be a kind of repository of everything I ever did. That's interesting. And I don't know if I already said this, but so I think one way is maybe you can also do a kind of deep research on me. Like either you can do it here or I can run, if it's better, I can run a deep research in the normal Claude code and then hand that to you. If so, maybe you phrase the research assignment. But if you think you can do the same or a better job here with tools, then we can also just do it here. But I think you might then be able to get a, you know, also uncover things of me, which gives you perspective on like what is maybe interesting to show. but I think there's you know I think it's quite nice to show the progression and so I mean there's so many things like at the moment there's like kind of so I think there's kind of like active projects right and I would consider part of active projects my work at animals and then with animals we're currently building I can link you to that like we're building a kind of a separate mini site or knowledge base that is really about all the AI work I'm doing there. So like, you know, we can have a description of that. And then, for example, just link to that site because it's anyway there. I'm doing all this type coding projects. So I think we can make a kind of command or a way to like any project that is kind of active or in progress, we can give a page. And if it has a GitHub or a website or whatever, we can link to it. So like there's lifeline there's Claude Carbon there is Claude Quote um yeah there's a few other things that we could link to um then I think also like not everything like of course there's some dead ends that are not worth mentioning um but there might be some archive progress projects or on ice like I think Little Lumi is worthwhile is the kind of thing like not something that I just worked on for like an hour or a day but some things i've worked on for a longer time and then stopped like i had stock scanner uh little lumi um again also for my animals work there's like the seo traffic calculator i've done contributions on revive and like it's just to like and depending on the nature of the project like with revive we don't have to spend a lot of space on it but like i do you know it's kind of also a bit of a portfolio. So I want to mention those things. And then depending on how involved I am and how accurate, how, you know, what is online, like, for example, with Lifeline, obviously, I want to, you know, you should be able to go and download it. And if we open source it, what I'm thinking about, go to the repo. Whereas other ones are almost just like an entry with a link, like revive or the SEO calculator. But a lot of those things also have resources, like the SEO calculator. It's online, of course, and then there's a blog post about it on the animal side. So we can all link to all those kind of things and use all those resources also probably to build up those pages without me having to write it all manually. And then there's also more, you know, kind of historical things that I've done. So, like, you know, I think most work things that I did have, like, artifacts. So, I was a content marketing manager at Animals. I did the marketing at Animals. And all those things have blog posts and campaigns. And I worked at KOS where we won awards. And we, you know, there's a lot of press and interviews and things like that. So, you know, I think all of that is worth mentioning. But it's going to be, I think the biggest challenge is going to be how to distinguish between what is more like a CV or like extended LinkedIn profile versus kind of projects, right? And then on the one end, you could say, oh, that could just be a distinction, right? One is like my own lifeline or my own CV where you just kind of see everything I've done. but there's going to be and then there's projects where it's like you literally highlight the project and the project might have a link or something you can do or see or watch but then the projects kind of overlap with some of the cv so how do you do that and on one end i've always been a fan of kind of timeline views so you could present everything as a kind of timeline but then that's not always the right kind of view if you see what i mean so we might also want to build it in a way where a bit like how you have notion databases where you can look at the same information in a few different ways that would be kind of cool and then one other big component i think is content because there's you know there's kind of my cv then there's projects and then there's content because i've written a lot so uh you know there's all the productivity content i wrote for saint and that can also be further subdivided in like writing about building a startup and productivity practices but there's also not you know there's weed robots i've written a lot for animals and some of that is for the animals blog some of it's public for a customer like parable i did a lot of writing for like two years about agile so it would be interesting to link to and mention somewhere then i wrote like columns when i was um doing an internet documentary in africa which is also on YouTube but during that time and those are not online anymore but I have them somewhere um I I wrote a daily um almost daily columns about my experience in Africa that would be really cool to publish right but then again it's like that is content and where do we put that and how do we how again do we do we square that with um with the projects and with the CV so that's why I think we need to spend quite a bit of time on the information architecture and then there's more like social links so like I think I would probably want to put a link to my Strava because I'm a big runner you know but that could be in a kind of about section it doesn't have to be very prominent obviously yeah okay let's stop here for now again